---
title: F2a
year: '2014'
---

Really big set, the best gyp room in old court (big). Being on the ground floor is great in that don't have to trek up and down the stupidly steep old court steps and it's probably a bit less noisy, you can also climb in and out of the windows easily which is fun. That said, other people can also climb in and out of the windows easily and being on the ground floor feels like a bit of a security risk, especially as every one can see into the living from the paddock. Both rooms are quite large, the chapman's garden facing room is longer and narrower and quite shady but a lot more private, the paddock facing room is lovely but like a goldfish bowl, so you might end up having to draw the curtains 24/7 anyway. I reckon the chapman's garden side is better, especially as there's a box ledge (with hot water pipes underneath, which make it nice and toasty) next to the bed at exactly the right height, so you essentially have quite a bit more bed space, but it's pretty gloomy, and the apparent privacy can be deceptive. Both rooms have quite a bit of storage space, comes with table and chairs, the college standard two seater sofa etc. To be honest the whole place could do with re-plastering and re-painting, as occasionally we've found random chunks of masonry on the floor - once tried to move a poster and a (smallish) chunk of wall came away with it. That said it's probably looking considerably better than previous years, the poor abused room has had a rest year. And they deep clean the carpets. They said we were getting toilets and showers.. we're still waiting, maybe it'll happen for you. Downsides? Lots of people telling you how they've chundered all over your room.