---
title: Room 9, Blantyre
year: '2015'
---

I would agree with all the good comments below! This room is a really good size for a grade 3 and the doors and window let a lot of sun in especially in the morning. The only thing about the patio doors is that the room can get cold unless you bolt them at the top and bottom - this is only a problem if you want to leave through them because you can't bolt them from the outside! But when it's warm outside it's lovely :) The doors are single-glazed (but don't rattle) and the other window is double-glazed. The radiator is fairly powerful so I haven't been cold (there was one time where it gave up and I froze slightly for two days but then it fixed itself). The room has pretty good furniture - big desk with lots of drawers, wardrobe, chest of drawers, three chairs, fridge table, bedside/coffee table, strange little footstool thing, bed, desk lamp. I would recommend bringing your own duvet though or another blanket because this one is pretty thin. No sink but the toilet and kitchen aren't far away. There are only two sockets behind the desk so I would recommend bringing a plug extension plank thing or rearranging the room (there are four more sockets elsewhere) so that you can plug the fridge, your laptop and the lamp in at the same time!

The nearest kitchen is shared between a lot of people (7 I think?), but was manageable this year. It has a microwave and hotplates that actually get hot, no combi oven but there are two elsewhere in Blantyre. The shower is not great - the most annoying thing is that if you're the first one to use it in the morning it takes 5-10 minutes to warm up. But usable once it's warm! There are only 4 showers in Blantyre overall, which seems like very little but I've never had to wait for the shower (I don't have 9ams though).

I think Blantyre is a lovely place to live, the distance from college is a little bit annoying if you just want to run up to print something or get a book out or get something from the vending machine, but otherwise it's fine! The common room is really nice for socializing or just eating/working in. The laundry is also really handy if you prefer to wash your own clothes and it surprisingly doesn't get too crowded!