---
image: /images/panthers.jpg
title: Emmanuel Football
---

The Emmanuel College Football Club provides opportunities to undergraduates and graduates of college to play football in the inter-collegiate football competitions of Cambridge as well as in the knockout 'cuppers' tournaments. This includes four men's teams and a women's team.
The men's first team are in the first division (there are eight divisions in Cambridge), and finished a solid mid-table last year. The firsts provide a competitive atmosphere for those who like to play football that little bit more seriously. The men's second team is currently in the third division. The men's third team is in the 8th division, having only been established a few years ago, this provides a great opportunity for everyone to play matches. Generally there is training once a week at the Wilberforce Road sports fields and a kick-about once a week on parker's piece just behind college. Matches are generally on Saturday afternoons (so all you NatScis and Mathmos can go to lectures). Whatever level of ability and experience, there will be an opportunity for you play football at Emmanuel.
The Emma Panthers are Emmanuel’s women’s football team. We are in the uni league’s first division, and play every Saturday, with training about once a week with members of the men’s teams. After reaching the Cuppers Finals last year, the team has expanded hugely, and currently has around 20-25 members, from all different years. We are always looking for new players who want to learn/improve their football, socialise and get their fitness up. No experience is required, many of our members have only ever played football at uni ! As well as the league and cuppers, we have an annual match against the Emma men’s 4th team, and the occasional friendly against teams from out of Cambridge, and socials with teams from other colleges. Captains : Maddy Clifford (mc904, second year) and Martha Dillon (md643, third year) Treasurer : Jade Doughty (jd652, third year)
To find out more contact:
Return to Societies